right I'm Steve Irwin you might know me
as the Crocodile Hunter everywhere Terry
and I travel in the outback we're called
on to help problem warlock never go with
this whopper their venom is highly toxic
you're right and things drop off you
wouldn't want to take a point around
here we're hoping to find some of the
more unlovable of Australia's creatures
what we caught here is a 35 just kidding
crazy never know what's the up
[Music]
at 2200 hours in the u.s. double I was
terminated over Australia this thing has
enough documentation to change the power
structure of the entire world really
first thing in the morning Australia
thank God it's a friendly country he
that can I leave a poaching ad job it's
a relocate the croc into a snake into
the river where we'll never run into a
conflict with poach it again if they can
still moving they're getting further
away
I nearly dry that crocodile here he got
me my ticket time to go but we can't for
feet float means business
you've been upsetting my croc lucky my
wife such a good driver this summer
Gao Qi
Wuya Rock rule he's poking me he's
biting me Nick
nothing at this point gonna fake Bieber
with you mean that guy on the khaki
shorts that dude on the Discovery
Channel the Crocodile Hunter collision
course yeah this ass rock what you whoo
I'm gonna tie this for wider
[Music]
[Applause]
you